so the setting of the game is basically a light-future recreational club, where clubmates get together to compete in very loosely defined, sport-like tournaments on a sorta monthly basis. basically picture it as like some after school club, except for people of all ages

the club is rooted in the idea that it's fun to get together with people and hang out and improve yourself; some people take it very seriously as a way to stay strong and skilled, while others are more in it for the social atmosphere. it's a small group that grows really just by personal connections (either from the manager, who runs the bar used as the setting, or from member to member); everyone sorta knows each other, but not necessarily enough to hang out outside of the club. of course smaller cliques form

as such, it's important to emphasize that all the characters in the game are essentially normal people; they have various daily lives that they put to the side for what's essentially a hobby of theirs. as part of the club, everyone is encouraged to adopt an identity (complete with alias, outfit and logo) that reflects their passions and who they are. so they can definitely look fancy and not like their everyday self, but in a way that makes it clear that they're basically at least somewhat dorks that are trying to realize and express their real self

what i found this sorta meant in terms of art direction, is a sort of tokyo 7th sisters lite. the setting, while allowing some flexibility for artist creativity, shouldn't be too different from the modern world today, and the characters have a sort of ordinary feel to them (while y'know still having anime color hair and stuff). i found that picturing a typical idol mobage evolved SR / SR+ was about the kind of image i wanted; the outfits should lean closer to a sort of "stage" outfit, while still having a kind of homegrown feel to them - so it's fine to not be overly fancy unless it fits the character. as for backgrounds, the usual SR+ photoshoot environment that sorta matches the theme of the character should be fine; it's a bit of a stretch for my setting, but i can work with it.

please let me know if you have any questions or if i can clarify or smooth out anything! looking forward to working with you